Here are all the components of this planning system.

The  action  approval  system  (it  schedules actions  that  the  user
requests, such as immediate or longer term).

The  probabilistic plan  system.  Models  plans  probabalistically, so
that we can compute expectation and variance of various properties.

The  scheduling system.  A  system for  taking goals  and representing
them in a way that makes  sense, and then showing the user what things
are planned  for when.  Makes schedules, handles  requests for changes
of schedule,  etc, brokers changes through the  common sense reasoning
system.

The planning  system.  Takes a set  of axiomatic goals  and produces a
plan to achieve those goals.

The  plan  formalization and  reification  system.   Takes the  goals,
especially those goals that have been classified as

The user  scoring system.  Responsible for  representing and computing
user scores on the basis of ELog data.

The  user  context monitoring  system.   Records  to  ELog the  user's
computing actitivities,  and computing task  activity scores.  Results
fed into  the plan execution system  to ensure that we  are staying on
task. - It will indeed be easier to stay focused, now that there is code to
prove that we are stayin on task.  This system, when expanded some,
should assist the user in determining how they are faring for the day.

The  common  sense  reasoning   system.   This  system  determine  via
inference which  states are preferable to others,  among other things.
It reasons the severity of punishment for certain actions.

The  action  completion  value  system.   Determines  how  much  value
completing a given task is.

The user communication system.  Is responsible for getting hold of the
user to communicate with them.

Isolation system.  Ensures the user is being isolated.  Computes their
isolation score based on ELog data.

Solution  to   implementation  space  mapping   system.   Record  what
files/functions/etc implement a given solution.

Capability management system. Record capabilities assigned to a given
system or its subsystems.

Subsystem editor system.  Edit and arrange subsystems.  Refactor
subsystems.  Also, record somewhere potential solutions to problems.
Model unsolved problems (i.e. capability requests that don't have an
associated implementation) as receptor nodes.

Goal system.  Maintain general database of goals.

Stochastic  Ranker  System.   Responsible  for finding  most  probable
parses  of  a  ?constraint  grammar?   In  other  words  reasons  with
probabilistic inference.
